Added fluids and a simple addJSONRecipe page (#465)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/mods/other_mods.md

# Adding Support to other Mods

> As long as mods implement [IRecipeManager](/vanilla/API/managers/IRecipeManager) (a Java Class), adding recipes to them is doable, even when native support does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As long as a mod's recipes use the vanilla IRecipe Datapack system, and therefore work with [IRecipeManagers](/vanilla/API/managers/IRecipeManager), then you are able to add new recipes regardless of if the mod has native support or not.
```
